1 Once upon a time, there lived a farmer in a village, beside a forest. 
2 He had a big garden that had an old apple tree and other plants, trees and beautiful flowers. 
3 When the farmer was a little boy, he spent much of his time playing with the apple tree. Those days, the apple tree had given the choicest of apples to him. 
4 However, as time passed, the apple tree became old and stopped bearing fruits. 
5 Now that the farmer was not getting any apples from the tree, he decided that the tree was useless. 
6 Therefore, he decided to cut the tree and use its wood to make some new furniture.
7 He felt that since the tree was old and huge, he did not have to cure it, and it would make great furniture. 
8 He forgot that as a boy, he had spent his entire childhood climbing the tree and eating its apples.
9 Now the apple tree was home to several little animals in the neighborhood. 
10 This included squirrels, sparrows and a huge variety of birds and insects. 
11 When the farmer took his axe and began chopping the tree, all the little animals came rushing down. 
12 They all began to plead with the farmer. 
13 They gathered round the farmer and said, “Please don’t cut the tree. We used to play with you when you were small, under this very tree. 
14 This is our home and we have no other place to go”. 
15 The farmer was adamant. He raised his axe and the commotion grew.
16 “Please don’t chop and destroy my home and kids,” cried the squirrel.
17 “Please don’t chop and destroy my nest,” cried the little birds. 
18 “Please don’t cut the apple tree,” cried the grasshopper.
19 The farmer, however, forgot his childhood and his animal friends. 
20 He began to chop the tree harder. 
21 All the little animals became desperate, and wanted to XXXXX the apple tree at any cost.	AAAAA		begin|cry|cut|destroy|climb|protect|cure|chop|forget|take

1 Once, a little lamb was grazing on a meadow, along with a flock of sheep. 
2 Being very mischievous, the little lamb wandered some distance away from the sheep. 
3 It began to enjoy the fresh and delicious grass that it found there. 
4 It had come a long way from its group, but was unaware of that. 
5 The lamb was also unaware of another fact: a wolf was closely following it!
6 When the lamb realized that it had lost its way and was far away from the flock, it decided to return and join them. 
7 However, the lamb was stunned to see a hungry and cunning wolf standing behind it. 
8 The lamb realized that there was no option except to surrender itself to the wolf. 
9 The lamb asked the wolf, “Are you going to eat me?”
10 The wolf said, “Yes, at any cost!”
11 The lamb said again, “But can you please wait for some more time? I have eaten a lot of grass now and my stomach is filled with grass. If you eat me now, you will feel as though you are eating grass! So please wait until the grass is digested.”
12 The wolf agreed, “Oh yes, I will wait. 
13 You are here before me and I can wait for some more time!”
14 The lamb thanked the wolf.
15 After some time, the wolf got ready to kill lamb, but the lamb stopped him again. 
16 “Dear wolf, please wait for some more time. The grass is yet to be digested. If you eat me now, you will see a lot of grass in my stomach! Let me dance and then it will be digested easily.”
17 The wolf agreed.
18 The little lamb danced crazily for a while, and then suddenly stopped.
19 The wolf enquired what had happened. 
20 The lamb said, “I cannot dance properly because there is no music. You see this bell around my neck? Can you untie this bell and ring it loudly? Then I can dance fast and the grass in my stomach also will get digested fast.”
21 The wolf, overcome with the desire to XXXXX the lamb, was ready to do anything.	AAAAA		dance|stop|agree|digest|wait|see|enjoy|eat|come|ask

1 Mary was a young girl. 
2 She used to get annoyed with everything. 
3 She had a negative attitude towards life.
4 Once, when she felt that life was unbearable, she asked her father what to do. 
5 She told him that if she was able to manage and solve one problem, another one followed quickly.
6 Her father consoled her and took her to the kitchen. 
7 He asked Mary to take a potato, an egg and two spoons of tea leaves. 
8 Mary was surprised, and asked her father, “Do you want me to cook?”
9 “No,” her father said.
10 He then took three vessels and poured one cup of water in each vessel. 
11 The vessels were placed on the stove. 
12 Once the water started to boil, he dropped the potato in a vessel, egg in the second one and the tea leaves in the third one. 
13 “Why are you doing all these things?” Mary asked, really annoyed with her father.
14 “Just wait fifteen minutes,” said her father.
15 The impatient daughter managed to wait for around 15 minutes. 
16 Father removed the potato from the pot and placed in a plate. 
17 He did the same with the eggs. He filtered the tea decoction using a cup. 
18 Now, he placed the two plates, one with the potato and the other with the egg, and the cup of tea in front of Mary.
19 He asked Mary, “What do you see?”
20 “Potato, egg and a cup of tea,” said Mary.
21 “No, you are XXXXX,” said her father.	AAAAA		correct|impatient|wrong|beautiful|ugly|surprised|young|annoyed|unbearable|removed

1 Once upon a time, there lived a strange bird with two heads; one facing the left and the other facing the right. 
2 The two heads used to fight and argue with each other, even for very simple reasons. 
3 Though they shared the same body, the two heads behaved like rivals! 
4 The strange bird lived in a big banyan tree, along the bank of a river. 
5 One day, while flying over the river, the left head of the bird saw a beautiful tree that had a bright red fruit. 
6 The left head of the bird wanted to eat the fruit and the bird flew down to pick the fruit from the tree. 
7 The bird plucked the sweet smelling fruit, and sat by the banks of the river and started eating it. 
8 The fruit was eaten by the left head. 
9 While it was eating, the right head asked, “Can you give me a piece to taste?”
10 The left head said, “See, we have only one stomach. 
11 So even if I eat in my mouth, it will go only into our stomach.” 
12 “But I want to taste the fruit, so you should give me.”
13 The left head replied in anger, “I saw the fruit and hence, I have the right to eat it without sharing with anyone.” 
14 The right head felt sad and became silent. 
15 A few days later, while the bird was flying over the river again, the right head saw a beautiful pink fruit in a tree. 
16 The bird flew down near the tree and tried to pick the fruit and eat it. 
17 The other birds living in the tree said, “Don’t eat it. It is a poisonous fruit. It will kill you.” 
18 The left head shouted, “Don’t eat it. Don’t eat it.”
19 However the right head did not listen to the left head. 
20 The right head said, “I will eat it, because I saw it. You have no right to stop me.”
21 The left head shouted, “Please don’t eat it. We will all XXXXX.”	AAAAA		shout|die|fly|pick|stop|argue|reply|share|pluck|taste

1 Long ago, people lived happily under the rule of a king. 
2 The people of the kingdom were very happy as they led a very prosperous life with an abundance of wealth and no misfortunes.
3 Once, the king decided to go visiting places of historical importance and pilgrim centres at distant places. 
4 He decided to travel by foot to interact with his people. 
5 People of distant places were very happy to have a conversation with their king. 
6 They were proud that their king had a kind heart. 
7 After several weeks of travel, the king returned to the palace. 
8 He was quite happy that he had visited many pilgrim centres and witnessed his people leading a prosperous life. 
9 However, he had one regret.
10 He had intolerable pain in his feet as it was his first trip by foot covering a long distance.
11 He complained to his ministers that the roads weren’t comfortable and that they were very stony. 
12 He could not tolerate the pain. 
13 He said that he was very much worried about the people who had to walk along those roads as it would be painful for them too!
14 Considering all this, he ordered his servants to cover the roads in the whole country with leather so that the people of his kingdom can walk comfortably.
15 The king’s ministers were stunned to hear his order as it would mean that thousands of cows would have to be slaughtered in order to get sufficient quantity of leather. 
16 And it would cost a huge amount of money also. 
17 Finally, a wise man from the ministry came to the king and said that he had another idea. 
18 The king asked what the alternative was. 
19 The minister said, “Instead of covering the roads with leather, why don’t you just have a piece of leather cut in appropriate shape to cover your feet?”
20 The king was very much surprised by his suggestion and applauded the wisdom of the minister. 
21 He ordered a pair of leather xxxxx for himself and requested all his countrymen also to wear shoes.	AAAAA		shoes|leather|roads|ministers|feet|hearts|suggestions|places|palaces|countries

1 Long ago, there lived an old man with his three sons in a deserted village, located in the vicinity of a desert. 
2 He had 17 camels, and they were the main source of his income. 
3 He used to rent out camels as a means of shipping in the desert. 
4 One day, he passed away. 
5 He had left a will, leaving his assets for his three sons. 
6 After the funeral and the other obligations were over, the three sons read the will. 
7 While their father had divided all the property he had into three equal parts, he had divided the 17 camels in a different way. 
8 They were not shared equally among the three as ‘17’ is an odd number and a prime number, which cannot be divided. 
9 The old man had stated that the eldest son will own half of the 17 camels, the middle one will get one third of the 17 camels, and the youngest one will get his share of camels as one ninth! 
10 All of them were stunned to read the will and questioned each other how to divide the 17 camels as mentioned in the will. 
11 It is not possible to divide 17 camels and give half of the 17 camels to the eldest one.
12 It is not possible also to divide the camels for the other two sons. 
13 They spent several days thinking of ways to divide the camels as mentioned in the will, but none could find the answer.
14 They finally took the issue to the wise man in their village. 
15 The wise man heard the problem and instantly found a solution. 
16 He asked them to bring all the 17 camels to him.
17 The sons brought the camels to the wise man’s place. 
18 The wise man added a camel owned by him and made the total number of camels 18.
19 Now, he asked the first son to read the will. 
20 As per the will, the eldest son got half the camels, which now counted to 18 / 2 = 9 camels! 
21 The eldest one got 9 camels as his XXXXX.	AAAAA		share|son|camel|man|place|village|answer|solution|will|desert

1 Raj is a middle aged man.
2 Although he was born in a poor family, he was raised well by his father and mother. 
3 His father owned a welding shop, and used to work for more than 12 hours a day, so that his family could lead a comfortable life. 
4 However, Raj’s father could not earn sufficient money to provide a decent life to his family. 
5 Raj was an average student in school, and used to score around 70 percent marks. Raj’s dream was to become a doctor. 
6 Since his marks weren’t very high, he could not get the desired course that he wanted to study. 
7 Instead, he joined a bachelor’s degree course, completed the course successfully, and got a job in a company.
8 While his life was going on with no dramatic change, his father continued to work in his welding shop, so that he did not have to depend on Raj. 
9 After getting a permanent job, Raj’s parents wanted him to marry. 
10 He got married to a girl from his native town, and at the same time was also promoted in his job. 
11 After a few years, his wife gave birth to beautiful twin boys. 
12 Later, Raj began to earn a handsome salary, and started to live luxuriously. 
13 He bought a new house and a new car. 
14 Some of the luxuries were really unnecessary. 
15 Although his company provided him with a car, Raj purchased a new car! 
16 After an extravagant life that spanned almost 6 to 7 years, Raj was neither able to manage all the household expenses, nor pay for the children’s education and other basic necessities.
17 It so happened that Raj’s father fell sick, and as a result, could not continue his work in the welding shop. 
18 He requested Raj to give some money for his treatment and other household expenses. 
19 Raj, who was already suffering from financial crisis, shouted at his parents and told them that he had no money to provide. 
20 He complained to his parents, “You never sent me to a big school. I was not provided with expensive clothes. 
21 You rarely fed me with my favorite food. I was not able to taste different varieties XXXXX food.	AAAAA		at|in|on|to|from|for|after|before|of|by

1 Tomorrow would be Christmas Day, and she had only $1.87 with which to buy Jim a present. 
2 She had been saving every penny she could for months, with this result. 
3 Only $1.87 to buy a present for Jim. 
4 Her Jim. 
5 Many a happy hour she had spent planning for something nice for him. 
6 Something fine and rare and sterling — something just a little bit near to being worthy of her happiness of being with Jim.
7 There was a tall, thin piece of mirror, known as a pier-glass, between the windows of the room. 
8 Perhaps you have seen a pier-glass in an $8 flat. 
9 A very thin and very agile person may, by observing his reflection in a rapid sequence of strips, obtain a fairly accurate idea of his looks. 
10 Della, being slender, had mastered the art of doing this.
11 Suddenly she whirled from the window and stood before the glass. 
12 Her eyes were shining brilliantly, but her face had lost its color within twenty seconds. 
13 Rapidly she pulled down her hair and let it fall to its full length.
14 Now, there were two things in which both Jim and Della took a mighty pride. 
15 One was Jim’s gold watch that had been his father’s and his grandfather’s. 
16 The other was Della’s hair, which would have even made the Queen of Sheba envious. 
17 And had King Solomon seen Jim’s watch, he would have pulled out his own beard in order to get his hands on such a treasure.
18 So now Della’s beautiful hair fell about her rippling and shining like a cascade of brown waters.
19 It reached below her knee and made itself almost a garment for her. 
20 And then she did it up again nervously and quickly. 
21 Once she faltered for a minute and stood still while a tear or two splashed XXXXX the worn red carpet.	AAAAA		at|before|after|from|up|of|in|for|on|with

1 Far out in the sea where the water is very deep, the Sea King ruled the undersea world.
2 In the deepest spot of the sea was his castle. 
3 The walls were made of blue coral.  
4 On the roof were shells that opened and closed when the water passed by. 
5 And that is where the Sea King lived with his mother and four daughters, each one born a year apart.  
6 The youngest of the four princesses was the Little Mermaid.
7 She spent much of her time swimming to ships that had fallen to the bottom of the sea.  
8 The ships held treasures from the world above! 
9 She would fill her arms and set up her collection here and there. 
10 All the while she would sing. 
11 As she did, fish circled around to hear her.  
12 For the Little Mermaid’s voice was the most beautiful one under the sea. 
13 The girls knew that when they turned 15, they could swim up to the surface for the first time. 
14 It would be a long time that the Little Mermaid had to wait, as she was the youngest! 
15 So she made her grandmother tell her all about life up on land. 
16 Tales about ships and towns, and every bit of stories about humans that she knew.  
17 For the Little Mermaid’s voice was the most beautiful one under the sea.
18 Soon the eldest sister turned 15.  
19 She was the first to be allowed to rise up to the surface.  
20 When she came back, she had many wonders to tell her sisters about!  
21 She told about resting on soft white XXXXX.	AAAAA		sand|voice|sea|sister|town|ship|story|treasure|coral|fish

1 The girls knew that when they turned 15, they could swim up to the surface for the first time. 
2 It would be a long time that the Little Mermaid had to wait, as she was the youngest! 
3 So she made her grandmother tell her all about life up on land. 
4 Tales about ships and towns, and every bit of stories about humans that she knew.  
5 For the Little Mermaid’s voice was the most beautiful one under the sea.
6 Soon the eldest sister turned 15.  
7 She was the first to be allowed to rise up to the surface.  
8 When she came back, she had many wonders to tell her sisters about!  
9 She told about resting on soft white sand. 
10 High above was a deep blue sky with puffy white clouds.  
11 Later the sun set, she said, and the whole sky turned gold and red. 
12 She had watched the birds fly high above her, dipping and making turns in the red and gold sky.
13 When the next sister turned 15, it was winter. 
14 She told of icebergs floating in the sea and shining bright.  
15 All the ships stayed far away from the icebergs, she said, as if in fear.
16 But the icebergs did not seem lonely.  
17 They were like friends, floating close to each other. 
18 When it was the third sister’s turn, she told about moving as close as she could to the gate of a town. 
19 She heard people call out, horses that went clip, clopping down the street. 
20 And even music that she had never heard before.  
21 All this the Little Mermaid heard with XXXXX.	AAAAA		iceberg|street|people|friend|ship|girl|wonder|town|sister|winter